Add section about fraud proof priority (#19)
subspace/protocol-specs: docs/decex/fraud_proofs.md

4. If the post-state root matches the state root in the trace of the header being challenged, then the proof is invalid ⇒ ignore the proof
5. If the post-state root does not match the state root in the trace, then the proof is valid ⇒ accept the proof and punish the authors of receipt identified by `bad_receipt_hash`.

## Fraud proof priority in transaction pool

> For fraud proof that targets bad ER its priority is defined as `MAX - blocks_before_bad_er_confirm`, fraud proof targets bad ER that is closer to being confirmed is more emergency and thus has a higher priority to be accepted by the transaction pool and to be included in the next block. For a given domain, at most one fraud proof will be accepted by the transaction pool at a time, if an incoming fraud proof has a higher priority than the fraud proof already in the pool then it will replace the previous fraud proof otherwise it will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prune a chain of fraudulent Execution Receipts and slash the operators who submitted them, it is sufficient to include in a consensus block and process only a single fraud proof for the oldest fraudulent ER. If the fraud proof is valid, all the children blocks will be pruned and operators slashed automatically.
A fraud proof that targets a bad ER has a priority is defined as `MAX - blocks_before_bad_er_confirm`, where `blocks_before_bad_er_confirm` is how many blocks remain until this ER is outside the challenge period. A fraud proof that targets a bad ER that is closer to being confirmed is more urgent and thus has a higher priority to be accepted by the transaction pool and to be included in the next consensus block. For a given domain, at most one fraud proof will be accepted by the transaction pool at a time; if an incoming fraud proof has a higher priority than the fraud proof already in the pool then it will replace the previous fraud proof, otherwise it will be rejected.
```

> For the bundle equivocation fraud proof, since it is not time-sensitive its priority is a const value `MAX - challenge_period - 1` thus lower than any other type of fraud proofs that target bad ER. For a given operator, at most one bundle equivocation fraud proof will be accepted by the transaction pool at a time, if there is already a bundle equivocation fraud proof in the pool, incoming bundle equivocation fraud proof that targetting the same operator will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the bundle equivocation fraud proof, since it is not time-sensitive, its priority is a constant value `MAX - challenge_period - 1` thus lower than any other type of time-sensitive fraud proofs that target bad ERs. At most one bundle equivocation fraud proof will be accepted by the transaction pool at a time for a given operator. If there is already a bundle equivocation fraud proof in the pool, incoming bundle equivocation fraud proof that targets the same operator will be rejected.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For comparison, bundles have a constant priority of 1.
```
